codespell: add page (#5472)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/codespell.md

# codespell

> Spellchecker for source code.
> More information: <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>.

- Check for typos in all text files in the current directory, recursively:

`codespell`

- Correct all typos found in-place:

`codespell --write-changes`

> - Skip files with names that match the specified pattern (accepts a comma-separated list of globs):

Reviewer: Is there maybe another word for `glob`? I didn't know what a glob is until now and I think there are many others. (That's just my experience, maybe it is more common than I think). Maybe  `accepts a comma-seperated list of patterns using wildcards`?

Author: Oh, yes, definitely. I didn't know that 🙂.  How about `wildcard patterns` instead of `patterns using wildcards`?

Reviewer: I'd prefer `patterns using wildcards`

Author: ```suggestion
- Skip files with names that match the specified pattern (accepts a comma-separated list of patterns using wildcards):
```
